procedures: rewrite and expand the "Backup and disaster recovery" sections of the admin guide (#2121)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/assembly_configuring-prod-cli-to-use-a-backup-server-using-the-configuration-object.adoc

> :parent-context-of-configuring-prod-cli-to-use-a-backup-server-using-the-configuraiton-object: {context}

Reviewer: - I'm confused here. Is `prod-cli` the name of the product or should it be a variable, that is `{prod-cli}`? I have the same question in other places in this PR as well.

- Also the filename is misspelled: `configuraiton` should be `configuration`

Author: @bburt-rh, apologies. This file is a leftover that should have been deleted.

> [id="configuring-prod-cli-to-use-a-backup-server-using-the-configuraiton-object_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="configuring-{prod-cli}-to-use-a-backup-server-using-the-configuraiton-object_{context}"]
```

= Configuring {prod-cli} to use a backup server using the configuration object

:context: configuring-prod-cli-to-use-a-backup-server-using-the-configuraiton-object

You can configure {prod-cli} to use a backup server by pointing {prod-cli} to the backup server configuration object using a command argument or an environment variable.

> ////

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example
[source,terminal]
----
chectl server:backup --backup-server-config-name=backup-cr-name
----
```
Shouldn't terminal commands use the above AsciiDoc formatting for samples? Or are the Che docs different?

example: `chectl server:backup --backup-server-config-name=backup-cr-name`

> However, the command above is not just a configuration, it is action to create a backup. It configures chectl, but it also creates a backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this sample command not only configures `chectl`, it is also an action that creates a backup.
```
- Edits for style. 
- Remove redundant second sentence.
- Also this comment should not be part of the example.
